f alde is the only athlete from Gaza
competing at the par Olympics in Paris
he left the strip in 2016 to play
basketball in Europe but has qualified
for the shut event to be the only one in
this par Olympic really it's too much
responsibility in my shoulder because
I'm here not for myself I'm here for my
country I want to raising my Palestinian
flag there I'm here with my disability
with my whe chair to show the people to
show the to share the world there is
life in Gaza Al was left paralyzed from
waste down after being shot by an
Israeli sniper in 2001 he now lives in
France but he's been separated from his
wife and children who are stranded in
Tura he's doing his best to get everyone
back together I'm here alone and uh my
family is not with me because I don't
have any Visa or perit to my family to
bring them I'm still after two years in
the process to get my paper to to to
stay in France and to bring my family to
be with me most of his relatives are in
Gaza where more than 40,000 Palestinians
have been killed by Israel's war on the
Strip among them 17 members of his
family including his
brother my family is in Gaza every
moment I can receive a news that one is
killed there is no internet so sometimes
two or 3 days to get some news from them
how I can FOC Focus about my Sport with
this very bad news and with the
situation returning to Gaza to open a
sports academy is one of F's dreams for
his future for now he's focusing on
making people in his homeland feel proud
of their compatriots performance at the
paral
Olympics make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer